Explain permissions required for private repositories when using GHAS (#1341)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/kb/semgrep-ci/github-upload-findings-in-security-dashboard.md

If you run the alternate job and it fails with a "resource not accessible by integration" error, there are two possible causes.

> ## Your repository's default workflow permissions are set to read-only

Reviewer: A tad confused about this change - I think I'd stick with "repository's workflow permissions", mainly because they could be read-only by being the default (very likely) or for some other reason (were set that way intentionally after having been different), and I don't think that distinction is relevant here, unless I'm missing something (possible).

> Repository-level workflow permissions are set to `read-only` (default) unless they've previously been changed. Use of the `permissions` key within the workflow file does not override this setting.

Reviewer: I'm a little bit confused about this statement as well. Below you say that for more granular permissions you can set the permissions at the workflow or job level, but here you're saying you can't do that. Which one is true, or are these not conflicting but I'm misunderstanding?

## Your repository's workflow permissions are set to read-only

Repository-level workflow permissions are set to `read-only` (default) unless they've previously been changed. Use of the `permissions` key within the workflow file does not override this setting.

To update this setting:
1. Navigate to your organization or repository in GitHub.
2. Click **Settings > Actions > General > Workflow permissions**.

![image info](/img/kb/github-default-workflow-permissions.png)
Target permissions

:::info 
Changing the repository's default workflow permissions changes the permissions for all workflows in that repository. Use of the `permissions` key will not override this setting, so updating it is a required step. Learn more about the `permissions` key at [Assigning permissions to jobs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/assigning-permissions-to-jobs#setting-the-github_token-permissions-for-all-jobs-in-a-workflow), or review the example workflow-level permissions below.
:::

## The workflow or job does not have the correct permissions in a private repository

> In order for Semgrep findings in a private repository to appear on the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard, you must ensure that the appropriate permissions are configured at the workflow level using the permissions key. See the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for Semgrep findings in a private repository to appear on the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard, you must ensure that the appropriate permissions are configured at the workflow level using the `permissions` key. See the following example.
```

If you run the alternate job and it fails with a "resource not accessible by integration" error, there are two possible causes.

> ## Your repository is private

Reviewer: With these changes, I think it would make sense to reverse the order of the possible issues, since one applies to all repos, and one only applies to private repos. Since this one has greater need the config file as a concrete example, that also would allow it to be adjacent to the config file without needing to repeat the file contents, while the other can perhaps have an anchor link or something in the info box.

This is the change that's a little harder to picture/share an exact outcome for since it requires a re-jig of the structure, but hopefully my description makes sense.

As part of that, I think it would make sense to change the title of this section to "The workflow or job does not have read permissions in a private repository" or something more specific like that - otherwise, both titles reference permissions so it's not entirely clear why they're separate.

> Semgrep findings in a private repository can only populate in the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard if the correct permissions are set using the `permissions` key. See an example below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Semgrep findings in a private repository can only populate in the GitHub Advanced Security Dashboard if the correct permissions are set using the `permissions` key. See the following example.
```

This job only requires `write` permissions for `security-events`.

```yml

> # Name of this GitHub Actions workflow.

Reviewer: I'd suggest not adding these comments in this example - they're helpful in our default configs to explain what's occurring, but I don't think they add a lot for customizing the config, and they distract from the important elements that are different.

on:
  # Scan changed files in PRs (diff-aware scanning):
  pull_request: {}
  # Scan on-demand through GitHub Actions interface:
  workflow_dispatch: {}
  # Scan mainline branches and report all findings:
  push:
    branches: ["master", "main"]
  # Schedule the CI job (this method uses cron syntax):
  schedule:
    - cron: '20 17 * * *' # Sets Semgrep to scan every day at 17:20 UTC.
    
permissions: 
    security-events: write
    # It is recommended to change the schedule to a random time.

jobs:
  semgrep:
    # User definable name of this GitHub Actions job.
    name: semgrep/ci 
    # If you are self-hosting, change the following `runs-on` value: 
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    container:
      # A Docker image with Semgrep installed. Do not change this.
      image: returntocorp/semgrep

    # Skip any PR created by dependabot to avoid permission issues:
    if: (github.actor != 'dependabot[bot]')

    permissions:
      # required for all workflows
      security-events: write
      # for workflows in private repos
      actions: read
      contents: read
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - run: semgrep ci --sarif > semgrep.sarif
        env:

>           SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN }}

Reviewer: I don't see this elsewhere in the file, so I don't think this line should be deleted. Pretty important to have the token. :)

    branches: ["master", "main"]
  schedule:
    - cron: '20 17 * * *' # Sets Semgrep to scan every day at 17:20 UTC.

>     # It is recommended to change the schedule to a random time.

Reviewer: This comment really doesn't belong here - if you're going to retain it, it should be up with the cron line.
